Callout for installing with '~' (#4000)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic.mdx

cd amplify/backend/custom/MyCustomResolvers
npm i @aws-cdk/aws-appsync@~1.124.0
```

> > **Note:** Installing using the '\~' character does not modify the package.json to use '\~' for default npm configurations. Make sure your package.json reflects the right dependency to avoid compatibility errors in CDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Installations using the '\~' character do not modify the package.json. To use '\~' for default npm configurations, make sure your package.json reflects the right dependency to avoid compatibility errors in CDK.
```
